Attention is all you need is a paper published in 2017 by Vaswani et al. that introduced the Transformer, a neural network architecture that uses attention mechanisms to learn long-range dependencies in sequences. 
The Transformer has since become the dominant architecture for natural language processing tasks, and has been used to achieve state-of-the-art results on a wide range of tasks, including machine translation, text summarization, and question answering.
Betrtviz is a visualization tool for the Transformer. It allows users to see how the attention weights are distributed in the network, and to track how the attention weights change as the network processes a sequence of input.
The Pile is an 800GB dataset of diverse text that was created by Rajveer Malviya et al. in 2021. 
The Pile is designed to be a challenging dataset for language models, and has been used to train models that achieve state-of-the-art results on a variety of tasks.
Chain of thought reasoning is a technique for training language models to reason about sequences of events. It was developed by Tom Brown et al. in 2020. Chain of thought reasoning involves training a language model to predict the next word in a sequence, given the previous words in the sequence. The model is also trained to predict the next event in a sequence, given the previous events in the sequence.
Instruct turning for chatting is a technique for training language models to have conversations with humans. It was developed by Yilun Wang et al. in 2021. Instruct turning for chatting involves training a language model to follow instructions given by a human. The model is also trained to generate text that is relevant to the instructions.
Training models is the process of teaching a language model to perform a task. The task can be anything from translating text to generating text to answering questions. The training process involves feeding the model a dataset of text and labels. The labels indicate whether the text is correct or incorrect. The model is then trained to predict the labels for the text in the dataset.
DreamBooth is a tool for generating text that is similar to the text in a given dataset. It was developed by OpenAI in 2022. DreamBooth involves training a language model on a dataset of text. 
The model is then fine-tuned on a dataset of text and images. The images are of objects that are mentioned in the text. The model is then trained to generate text that is similar to the text in the dataset, but that also describes the objects in the images.
Sparks of Artificial General Intelligence is a paper published in 2023 by OpenAI that introduces a new technique for training language models. 
The technique is called Instruct XL embeddings. Instruct XL embeddings involve training a language model on a dataset of text and instructions. The instructions indicate how the text should be generated. The model is then fine-tuned on a dataset of text and human feedback. The human feedback indicates whether the text is good or bad.
Instruct XL embeddings are designed to improve the ability of language models to generate text that is both correct and creative.
RLH to tune (feedback) is a technique for fine-tuning language models. It was developed by Colin Raffel et al. in 2019. RLH to tune (feedback) involves training a language model on a dataset of text and labels. The labels indicate whether the text is correct or incorrect. The model is then fine-tuned on a dataset of text and human feedback. The human feedback indicates whether the text is good or bad.
ClipDrop - Stable Diffusion is a technique for training language models to generate text that is similar to a given text. It was developed by Tom Brown et al. in 2022. ClipDrop - Stable Diffusion involves training a language model on a dataset of text and images. The images are of objects that are mentioned in the text. The model is then fine-tuned on a dataset of text and images. The images are of objects that are not mentioned in the text. The model is trained to generate text that is similar to the text in the dataset, but that also describes the objects in the images.
